IBX-3306: Update policies and use cases (#1746)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/permissions/permission_use_cases.md

This ensures that only files of type `image` can be uploaded,
and only to the **Pictures** Folder.

## Taxonomies

> You can control what users or user groups can work with taxonomies. If you want users to be able to create and assign taxonomy entry, use the following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control which users or user groups can work with taxonomies. 
To let users create and assign taxonomy entries, set the following permissions:
```

> - `assign` - to allow user to tag and utag content

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `assign` - to allow user to tag and untag content
```

- `read` -  to see the Taxonomy interface

> - `manage` - to create, edit and delete tags

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend using phrase "taxonomy entry" instead of "tag" to avoid confusion with Tags which are just an example of a taxonomy.

> - `assign` - to allow user to tag and untag content
> - `read` -  to see the Taxonomy interface
> - `manage` - to create, edit and delete tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `assign` - allows to tag and untag content
- `read` -  allows to see the Taxonomy interface
- `manage` - allows to create, edit and delete tags
```

Author: the form used here to keep consistency with the previous descriptions

> With Limitations you can configure whether permissions apply only to Tags, Product categories or to both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Limitations you can configure whether permissions apply to Tags, Product categories or both.
```

- `content/view` to view the list of Users

Users are treated like other content, so to create and modify them, the User needs to have the same permissions as for managing other Content items.

## Product catalog

You can control to what extend users can access the Product catalog and its all related parts.

### Product type

To create or edit a product type, a user needs to have access to attributes and attribute groups. You need to set the following permissions:

- `product_type/create`
- `product_type/view`
- `product_type/edit`

### Product

> After creating a product, a product item and a Content item are also generated. The product catalog permissions override the Content permissions, so a user without Content permissions, can create a product.

Reviewer 3: Should not it be a Product item?

> After creating a product, a product item and a Content item are also generated. The product catalog permissions override the Content permissions, so a user without Content permissions, can create a product.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After creating a product, a product item and a Content item are also generated. The product catalog permissions override the Content permissions, so a user without Content permissions, can manage a product.
```

> After creating a product, a product item and a Content item are also generated. The product catalog permissions override the Content permissions, so a user without Content permissions, can manage a product.

Author: yes

> After creating a product, a product item and a Content item are also generated. The product catalog permissions override the Content permissions, so a user without Content permissions, can manage a product.

Reviewer: I would state it this way then.
